folders 23
[INFO] processed 1000/1146
[INFO] processed 1000/1583
[INFO] processed 1000/3456
[INFO] processed 2000/3456
[INFO] processed 3000/3456
[INFO] processed 1000/2090
[INFO] processed 2000/2090
[INFO] processed 1000/1549
[INFO] processed 1000/1170
[INFO] processed 1000/1225
[INFO] processed 1000/1475
trainlabels  ['Qaf' 'Qaf' 'Qaf' ... 'zen' 'zen' 'zen']
[SVM] Training
[SVM] write model
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['heh'] actual  aen
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['heh'] actual  aen
out_label  ['alf'] actual  non
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['lam'] actual  waw
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['aenend'] actual  lam
out_label  ['feh'] actual  waw
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aenend
out_label  ['mem'] actual  hahend
out_label  ['teh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['lam'] actual  zal
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['theh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['gemend'] actual  Qaf
out_label  ['lam'] actual  mem
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['beh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['lam'] actual  teh
out_label  ['non'] actual  khah
out_label  ['teh'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['feh'] actual  waw
out_label  ['teh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aenend
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['feh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['zal'] actual  zen
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['zah'] actual  Qaf
out_label  ['dal'] actual  aen
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['heh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['lam'] actual  zen
out_label  ['teh'] actual  theh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['zal'] actual  zen
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['teh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['zal'] actual  zen
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['aen'] actual  lam
out_label  ['ghen'] actual  khah
out_label  ['dal'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['teh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['mem'] actual  lam
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['heh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['lam'] actual  zen
out_label  ['heh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['dal'] actual  lam
out_label  ['dal'] actual  lam
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['theh'] actual  non
out_label  ['khah'] actual  hah
out_label  ['non'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  zal
out_label  ['heh'] actual  aen
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['waw'] actual  lam
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['non'] actual  theh
out_label  ['beh'] actual  non
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['Qaf'] actual  feh
out_label  ['teh'] actual  theh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['heh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['non'] actual  theh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['kaf'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['gemend'] actual  khahend
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['aen'] actual  mem
out_label  ['heh'] actual  aen
out_label  ['lam'] actual  non
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  alf
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['teh'] actual  feh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  non
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['mem'] actual  lam
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  alf
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['beh'] actual  non
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  heh
out_label  ['heh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['feh'] actual  Qaf
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['teh'] actual  theh
out_label  ['beh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['lam'] actual  mem
out_label  ['kaf'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['alf'] actual  teh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['lam'] actual  mem
out_label  ['lam'] actual  dal
out_label  ['non'] actual  khah
out_label  ['lam'] actual  Qaf
out_label  ['mem'] actual  aen
out_label  ['teh'] actual  zal
out_label  ['Qaf'] actual  zah
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['gem'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['non'] actual  lam
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['dal'] actual  waw
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['feh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['aen'] actual  mem
out_label  ['zal'] actual  zen
out_label  ['teh'] actual  lam
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['hah'] actual  teh
out_label  ['lam'] actual  alf
out_label  ['alf'] actual  waw
out_label  ['mem'] actual  heh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  lam
out_label  ['gem'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['feh'] actual  Qaf
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['aenend'] actual  mem
out_label  ['khah'] actual  hah
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['waw'] actual  teh
out_label  ['teh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  hah
out_label  ['mem'] actual  waw
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['aen'] actual  dal
out_label  ['mem'] actual  heh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  teh
out_label  ['waw'] actual  heh
out_label  ['non'] actual  teh
out_label  ['yeh'] actual  beh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  heh
out_label  ['beh'] actual  yeh
out_label  ['teh'] actual  non
out_label  ['lam'] actual  kaf
out_label  ['alf'] actual  lam
out_label  ['lam'] actual  mem
out_label  ['zal'] actual  zen
out_label  ['waw'] actual  lam
out_label  ['non'] actual  lam
out_label  ['dal'] actual  teh
out_label  ['mem'] actual  kaf
[SVM] Accuracy: 79.63%
